## CONFIG Parameters


### LMEM_DISABLE
Disable the local memory. Local memory refers to the local dram, which is outside the GPU Processor. 

Related logic change in simx: 

1. simx utils would check on the lmem read, write, bank_stalls result. Then return the corresponding performance result. Disable the local memory will skip this step.
2. Will affect the get_addr_type, enabling local memory will classify the address type into IO, Shared, or Global type, if the address is at local memory, the address type would be share type. Disabling local memory will classify the address into IO or Global type only, skipping the Shared type. 

Related logic change in rtl: 

1. AFU device caps: In Address fetching unit, device caps will show the local memory result. Disabling local memory would leave this blank.

2. Address type width: address type width in rtl is calculated based on local address type width 2, plus local memory type width 1. Disabling local memory, address type width is only the local address type width. 


### L1_DISABLE:

L1 cache is within each of the vortex gpgpu core. L1_DISABLE means ICACHE_DISABLE and DCACHE_DISABLE.

Related logic change in simx: 

1. socket would disable the icache and dcache, and related performance status generation.

Related logic change in rtl:

1. socket would disable the icache and dcache. 

2. ICACHE_MEM_TAG_WIDTH will be calculated by bypassing the memory tag .


### L2_DISABLE

L2 cache is shared by multiple vortex cores.

Related logic change in simx:

1. cluster would disable the l2cache

Related logic change in rtl:

1. vx_cach_wrapper would generated by PASSTHRU


### THREADS

Number of threads per warps

Related logic change in simx:

1. in arch.h, Arch configuration changed.

2. in dispatcher.h, pid count is thread/lanes, pid count changed. In dispatcher, tick behaviour, one tick means to tick the number of threads.

3. in ireg_file and freg_file, its size is determined by threadx32 or threadx64

4. ipdom size in emulator change to the number of (threads-1)x2. don't know why

5. In emulator step function, number of threads are to feed to warp_tmask_test. Within each register, the number of threads of ireg and freg register info are to printed out.

6. In execution, number of rsddata and rddata are to be changed to number of threads x rs or rd width. 

Operations to be multiplied by number of threads during execution stage:

Control-trasnfer: LUI, AUIPC, CZERO.EQZ, CZERO.NEZ, 

R type: RV32M: MUL, RV32M: MULH, RV32M: MULHSU, RV32M: DIV, RV32M: DIVU, RV32M: REM, RV32M: REMU, RV32I: SUB, RV32I: ADD, RV32I: SLL, RV32I: SLT, RV32I: SLTU, RV32I: XOR, RV32I: SRA, RV32I: SRL, RV32I: OR, RV32I: AND

I type: RV32I: ADDI, RV32I: SLLI, RV32I: SLTI, RV32I: SLTIU, RV32I: XORI, RV32I: SRAI, RV32I: SRLI, RV32I: ORI, RV32I: ANDI

RW type: RV64M: MULW, RV64M: DIVW, RV64M: DIVUW, RV64M: REMW, RV64M: REMUW, RV64I: SUBW, RV64I: ADDW, RV64I: SLLW, RV64I: SRAW, RV64I: SRLW



Question: when thread is 1, threadmask is still 32?


### WARPS

Number of warps per cores

